What I just said is so powerful, I will continue to work behind the scenes for the rest of my life.
Wouldn't it be better if the mother wrote a letter?
Okay, you are here with a big head, but you are not cooling.
It will only become more severe.
Just, what should I do?
What are you going to fight for?
Remember to get two blood and run some soldiers quickly.
Get some strong soldiers.
What happened? There is hatred and hatred.
There is hate hate hate
Thousands, thousands, thousands, millions, millions, millions, millions, millions, millions
Thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, millions Thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, millions Thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, millions Thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, millions